# Merkle Tree

Merkle Tree implementation, shamelessly adapted from [`@openzeppelin/contracts`](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts) test utils.

## Installation

```bash
yarn add @kleros/merkle-tree
# npm install --save @kleros/merkle-tree
```

## API
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [constructor][1]
-   [getRoot][3]
-   [getProof][4]
-   [getHexRoot][6]
-   [getHexProof][7]
-   [static makeLeafNode][9]

### `constructor`

Creates a Merkle Tree from an array of hex strings.

#### Parameters

-   `leafNodes` **[Array][11]&lt;[string][12]>** An array of 32-byte hex strings.

### `getRoot`

Gets the root of the merkle tree.

Returns **[Buffer][13]** root The merkle root as a Buffer.

### `getProof`

Gets the merkle proof for a given element.

#### Parameters

-   `el` **[Buffer][13]** The element to search for the proof.

Returns **[Array][11]&lt;[Buffer][13]>** proof The merkle proof.

### `getHexRoot`

Gets the root of the merkle tree as hex.

Returns **[string][12]** The merkle root as a 0x-prefixed 32-byte hex string.

### `getHexProof`

Gets the merkle proof for a given element as a 32-byte hex string.

#### Parameters

-   `el` **[string][12]** The element to search for the proof.

Returns **[Array][11]&lt;[string][12]>** proof The merkle proof as an array of 32-byte hex strings.

### `static makeLeafNode`

Creates a leaf node from any number of args.
This is the equivalent of `keccak256(abi.encodePacked(first, ...rest))` on Solidity.

#### Parameters

-   `first` **Mixed** The data to be transformed into a node.
-   `rest` **...[Array][11]&lt;Mixed>** Additional args to combine into a node.

Returns **[string][12]** node The `sha3` (A.K.A. `keccak256`) hash of `first, ...params` as a 32-byte hex string.

[1]: #constructor

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #getroot

[4]: #getproof

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #gethexroot

[7]: #gethexproof

[8]: #parameters-2

[9]: #static-makeleafnode

[10]: #parameters-3

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[13]: https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html
